[Docs][k8s] Revamp k8s cluster admin docs (#3649)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/kubernetes/kubernetes-deployment.rst

        Google's hosted Kubernetes service.

    .. grid-item-card::  Amazon - EKS
        :link: kubernetes-setup-eks
        :link-type: ref
        :text-align: center

        Amazon's hosted Kubernetes service.

.. _kubernetes-setup-kind:

Deploying locally on your laptop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To try out SkyPilot on Kubernetes on your laptop or run SkyPilot
tasks locally without requiring any cloud access, we provide the
:code:`sky local up` CLI to create a 1-node Kubernetes cluster locally.

Under the hood, :code:`sky local up` uses `kind <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/>`_,
a tool for creating a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine.
It runs a Kubernetes cluster inside a container, so no setup is required.

1. Install `Docker <https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/>`_ and `kind <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/>`_.
2. Run :code:`sky local up` to launch a Kubernetes cluster and automatically configure your kubeconfig file:

   .. code-block:: console

     $ sky local up

3. Run :code:`sky check` and verify that Kubernetes is enabled in SkyPilot. You can now run SkyPilot tasks on this locally hosted Kubernetes cluster using :code:`sky launch`.

> 4. After you are done using the cluster, you can remove it with :code:`sky local down`. This will terminate the KinD container and switch your kubeconfig back to it's original context:

Reviewer: KinD container is not mentioned in previous parts, making it a bit hard to understand. How about we just call it `kubernetes cluster`?
```suggestion
4. After you are done using the cluster, you can remove it with :code:`sky local down`. This will destroy the local kubernetes cluster and switch your kubeconfig back to it's original context:
```

   .. code-block:: console

     $ sky local down

.. note::

>     We recommend allocating at least 4 or more CPUs to your docker runtime to

Reviewer: Allocating `4 or more CPUs to your docker runtime` is a bit vague, as we did not mention allocating CPUs in the previous steps, and the link to the docker instruction does not directly point to the instruction for how to allocate more CPUs.

How about we simply saying that more than 4 CPU cores are required for the local machine to have the local cluster functional?

Author: Hmm, even if the user has 4+ CPUs on their machine, their docker engine may be configured to use fewer CPUs. I have updated the link to kind's docs where they have instructions with screenshots. Does that help?

    ensure kind has enough resources. See instructions
    `here <https://docs.docker.com/desktop/settings/linux/>`_.

.. note::
    kind does not support multiple nodes and GPUs.
    It is not recommended for use in a production environment.

>     If you want to run a private on-prem cluster, see the section on :ref:`on-prem deployment <kubernetes-setup-onprem>` for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to run a private on-prem cluster, see the section on :ref:`GKE <kubernetes-setup-gke>`, :ref:`EKS <kubernetes-setup-eks>`, and :ref:`on-prem deployment <kubernetes-setup-onprem>` for more.
```

Author: Hmm maybe EKS and GKE are probably not a good fit for `private on-prem cluster`?

.. _kubernetes-setup-gke:

Deploying on Google Cloud GKE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 1. Create a GKE standard cluster with at least 1 node. We recommend creating nodes with at least 4 vCPUs.

Reviewer: Might be good to include the example commands for creating a GKE cluster with some GPUs? It can be collapsed with `<details></details>` if the commands are too long.

   .. code-block:: console

     # For Container Optimized OS (COS) based nodes with GPUs other than Nvidia L4 (e.g., V100, A100, ...):
     $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/cos/daemonset-preloaded.yaml

     # For Container Optimized OS (COS) based nodes with L4 GPUs:
     $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/cos/daemonset-preloaded-latest.yaml

     # For Ubuntu based nodes with GPUs other than Nvidia L4 (e.g., V100, A100, ...):
     $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/ubuntu/daemonset-preloaded.yaml

     # For Ubuntu based nodes with L4 GPUs:
     $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/ubuntu/daemonset-preloaded-R525.yaml

   To verify if GPU drivers are set up, run ``kubectl describe nodes`` and verify that ``nvidia.com/gpu`` is listed under the ``Capacity`` section.

> 4. Verify your kubeconfig (and GPU support, if available) is correctly set up by running :code:`sky check`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify your kubernetes cluster (and GPU support, if available) is correctly set up for SkyPilot by running :code:`sky check`:
```

   .. code-block:: console

     $ sky check

> 

Reviewer: 5. Check available GPUs in the kubernetes cluster with `sky show-gpus --cloud kubernetes`

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Create a GKE standard cluster with at least 1 node. We recommend creating nodes with at least 4 vCPUs.

   .. raw:: HTML

       <details>

       <summary>Example: create a GKE cluster with 2 nodes, each having 16 CPUs.</summary>

   .. code-block:: bash

       PROJECT_ID=$(gcloud config get-value project)
       CLUSTER_NAME=mycluster

>        gcloud beta container --project "${PROJECT_ID}" clusters create "${CLUSTER_NAME}" --zone "us-central1-c" --no-enable-basic-auth --cluster-version "1.27.13-gke.1201000" --release-channel "regular" --machine-type "e2-standard-16" --image-type "COS_CONTAINERD" --disk-type "pd-balanced" --disk-size "100" --metadata disable-legacy-endpoints=true --scopes "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly","https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append" --num-nodes "2" --logging=SYSTEM,WORKLOAD --monitoring=SYSTEM --enable-ip-alias --network "projects/${PROJECT_ID}/global/networks/default" --subnetwork "projects/${PROJECT_ID}/regions/us-central1/subnetworks/default" --no-enable-intra-node-visibility --default-max-pods-per-node "110" --security-posture=standard --workload-vulnerability-scanning=disabled --no-enable-master-authorized-networks --addons HorizontalPodAutoscaling,HttpLoadBalancing,GcePersistentDiskCsiDriver --enable-autoupgrade --enable-autorepair --max-surge-upgrade 1 --max-unavailable-upgrade 0 --enable-managed-prometheus --enable-shielded-nodes --node-locations "us-central1-c"

Author: If its known to work then lets use it :) I've updated it.
